v2.0
Dasher screen streching has been fixed
Mage knight description includes sword utility
Blaine not actually dying has been fixed
Helmer's con as a boss has been reduced
Toxin sword now actually applies poison
Fixed Wyvern General class description being 3 lines
Wyvern General and Wyvern Knight names now use narrow font
Fixed a mistake in Military 4 Accept Hold Adeline Remus support
Supply has been re-disabled in some early chapters. I don't know how that table got filled with all chapters having it usable...?
Richter (Miliary 5 Pass Altia boss) has been given more strength
Assassin promo gains have been buffed
7 MOVE TROUBADOURS
Fixed ballista sprites being broken
Cleaned up some early mercenary chapter events
Fixed the Mercenary 5 Militia Wait Cesaria tempest tome pickup
Fixed a bug in base conversations/support rework with bad handling of units that don't exist/are dead
Made various changes to military chapters: music and text updates. Many changes in text to Military Pass Haedric and Military 7 Accept Retreat Leave
New tool that reports where music is referenced: for development help only
Now using Bly's version of textprocess-classic that's better with narrow font
Alphabetized the sound room and removed vanilla entries
A couple song names use narrow font now
Tweaked Fodlan Winds
Fixed having 0 gold in Military 5 Accept Hold
Fixed an elevation error in the Haedric castle
Fixed some confusion with Gladiator vs Basileus map sprites
Fixed a potential softlock in the ending of Military 7 Accept Retreat Help
Christina's mug has been updated! -- Credit Levin and Star
Arya has a new mug! -- Credit Arya
Forrest's mug has been updated! -- Credit Star
Finoc has a new mug! -- Credit Atey (Sponsored by Bartz)
Izuk's mug has been updated! -- Credit Vlak
Baret has a new mug! -- Credit Atey (Sponsored by Bartz)
For the next releases until we begin balancing hard mode all difficulties will force-set to normal mode as you begin the prologue
Fixed being able to support with enemy units (namely Arya)
Various palettes have been added/updated
Spellswords have class cards! -- Credit SqrtOfPi (Sponsored by Bartz)
Holy hell prologue stuff:
	Tact max name length is now 8 characters.
	New CHARACTER CREATOR custom menu wizardry! Interactive menu system has you select a gender, route, class, boon, and bane
	Boons and banes affect base loading stats and growths. Effects for each stat are displayed
	Lots of world map things - namely invoking a world map "cutscene" within an event as well as a hack or two to expand palettes available for the world map
	Speaking of, fully custom 240x160 world map thanks to Gabriel Rosswell!
	After finishing the character creator, a world map cutscene plays out with custom glowy regions indication nation borders as well
Female mercenary animation/palette has been fixed
Class display debug hack has been implemented

v1.10 (This was only released to playtesters in the Discord server to catch bugs before v2.0.)
5th and final Military route is a go. Kill Sean after accepting the promotion in chapter 3. Route includes all supports as well
Tons of new music again! Visit the sound room
Female archers can use master seals
Snek has an entirely new build scheme for definitions and CSVs
	This doesn't affect functionality but will help with organization, readability, and bugfixes
	Along with this, various build organization things are happening
	Snek will probably also add notes/a build readme on how the build works since it's becoming more unconventional
"Lost Souls" in the prologue are no longer children... finally
Darting blow has been reduced to +2 attack speed
Lux and Zaheva have been buffed
Military 2 Militia no longer ends on enemy phase turn 6. Now ends on player phase turn 7
Jurgen's weapon ranks have been changed
Mages have been given more base magic
Fixed a bug with Zaheva's battle quote with Gerald in Military 2 Accept
I think I've sorted out all of the bugs with the base conversations. Instead of hackily setting a bitfield in a prep screen proc, I'm just using event IDs
	Event IDs are plentiful, should make the system more modular in general, and won't have issues with suspend/resume. Release coming soon
The EXP calculation routine has been ENTIRELY rewritten from scratch. No class relative power nonsense. We're accepting feedback on how it's turned out!
The spellsword ASM has been completely rewritten from scratch: It should be way more stable and less buggy
	To clarify on how spellswords work:
		Any spellsword who is a physical main (T1 spellswords, battle sages, dread fighters, maybe a unique class or two) CANNOT use magic on any phase other than their own.
		At the end of their phase, these spellswords will automatically re-equip the first usable physical weapon in their inventory
		If there is not one, then they are considered unarmed
		Mage Knights (who have sword availability) are not affected by this
		Finally, T1 spellswords may only use E-rank tomes regardless of their weapon rank. They level with WEXP normally, and this restriction is removed at T2
Jasper has been nerfed: particularly his strength. Derek's skill has been reduced and his speed a little bit as well
"Aquatic Ruin" has been made a bit louder
All Tact promotions now have 3 options: The vanilla promotions for that class as well as a 3rd custom one. In the past, it's just been the one custom class
Date/time and project name setters have been included for the initial private release debug screen
My new antihuffman patch has been implemented as well as my modular terrain opener hack

Hotfixes before v1.10
Fixed a bug in the ending of Military Accept Retreat Leave where character death quotes would play during battles
Fixed Mercenary Militia Kill 4 crashing at the start (with a new cutscene map)
Made some minot text edits
Also fixed a bug where the new route wouldn't be accessible. Oops

v1.9
New route! Kill the boss of chapter 4 after accepting the promotion in the military
Stance skills have been fixed back to +2 and +3 stats
Knight descriptions have been changed to include axes
Luna has been changed to FE7 Luna without the crit
Muriel no longer has a staff rank nor a light rank
Fixed game over glitch after 7 Military Haedric endinge
Elthunder description has been fixed
Flare has a new description
Arya stays with the party now after 3 Mercenary Militia Kill
Fixed Tact brigand promotion map sprite
Fixed Tact soldier promotion map sprite
Warding blow has been changed to +5 res
Certain blow has been changed to +15 hit
Fixed Elaqua icon
Buffed Maximus's stats and fixed his weapon ranks
Base conversations are implemented!
Fixed the prep screen unusable menu item description text bug
Updated character descriptions
HP bars!
Knights have 5 movement, generals have 6, and great knights have 7
Sentinel stats have been buffed
Slayer weapons have reduced uses
No more autopromotions while cantoing
Fighting of the Spirit has been reverted to an older version
Supply is fixed
Green units in the prologue have their movement shown
Forrest and Christina in Military 1 have been buffed
Enemies in Military 2 Accept have been buffed
Adeline's starting level has been lowered in Military 3 Accept
A few skills have been shuffled around
Support Rework Rework!
New classes: Spellsword is a generic T1 swordfighter who can use E rank anima and dark tomes.
	They get normal WEXP for both ranks, are locked by weapon usability to E, and lose a rank depending on who they promote to
		Can promote into Battle Sage (Swords + anima) or Dread Fighter (Swords + dark)
	Hybrid classes can only use magic on their phase and will auto-equip a physical weapon after attacking if one exists
Zaheva is now a Spellsword
Sylvaine is now a Malig Knight
Maximus has a new animation but is still a Battle Sage (to compensate for new generic Battle Sages)
Mage Knights can now use swords
Tact peg promo has been changed to Seraph Knight (Swords + lances + anima + staff)
Syvlaine is a lot better
Christina and Forrest as bosses in Military 1 have been buffed AGAIN
Slightly decreased base cavalier defense and increased base knight defense
Military Accept 3 has been expanded for buffer room for reinforcements
	More units have been added, and more escape points have been added to the top right and center left
Barricade has been taken off generals (finally). They have Heavy Strikes instead
Moved around/added some supports to Military Pass Haedric
We're changing some animations, skills, and names for Tact promo classes and unique characters (like the Cesarian captains). Blame Noguchi
Flux has been moved to E rank, and its stats as well as Worm's have been changed
Generic Knights should have more HP
Female wyvern Tact should be less insanely broken (male a bit as well)
Izuk has a new mug! -- credit Vlak
Henning has a new mug! -- credit RandomWizard
William has a new mug! -- credit RandomWizard

Hotfixes before v1.9:
Promotion items have been fixed
Description for AxeFaith has been changed to include "Axes don't lose durability"
Reaver WTA has been fixed
Chests in 6 Merc Arcanae have been fixed
Uzkalis exists in 7 Merc Arcanae now
Crazy assassin class card is fixed
Male and female battle sage map sprites have been fixed
Heal staves are usable
1 Mercenary and 3 Bandit cutscene civilians are no longer children
	And the civilian in 3 Bandit actually gets cleared now

v1.8
New military route featuring 6 new chapters: Accept the promotion at the end of chapter 1!
Very large update of the Skill System, including full integration of the Strength/Magic Split holy shit
The Stat Screen is undergoing renovations, including custom support bonus displays on page 4
	No page 4 exists for units without supports
Toxin weapons! Making use of the Poison Rework to make poison weapons that apply more poison
Hail has been added as an anima water/ice type seige tome
Sentinel EXP has been reduced (again)
Quick new C hack: EXP is reduced by 2% for every level your unit has (not accounting for promotions)
	This is in hope to slightly surb units "Running away" with EXP and power when they get overleveled
	i.e. a level 5 unit will have an overall 10% EXP reduction, level 10 with 20% reduction, etc
	Also potentially an extra incentive for early promo...? Kind of a side effect really
Fixed Efil not being in 7 Bandit Disband with you
Fixed 3 and 4 Militia Wait having broken completion
Forest has a slightly updated mug
Remus has a new mug! -- credit Levin
Luke has a new mug! -- credit Atey (Sponsored by Bartz)
So much new music! Check out the Sound Room!
	Seriously like, it's kinda crazy
	Along with new music choices in chapters of course
New palettes! -- credit Pikmin1211
AI changes in 4 Bandit
"Support" in the prep screen has been changed to "Base"
Derek or Jasper dying in chapter 1 is a game over
Zaheva has a new mug! -- credit Atey (Sponsored by Bartz)
Sylvaine has a new mug! -- credit Atey (Sponsored by Bartz)
Efil has a new mug! -- credit Levin
Weston (3 Assassin boss) has a new mug! -- credit Vlak
Fixed a small bug in Support Rework where some support convos wouldn't increase support level
Battle sage F is the new promotion for female mercenary Tact
"Talk" and "Support" in the unit menu have been moved above "Rally"
Myrmidons (and mercenaries a bit) have had a base skill and speed reduction
Victory music, prep screen, and support music have been changed to custom songs
Updated some character descriptions
Replaced Life and Death on Shamans and co with Seal Magic
Scripted battle number displays are no longer complete lies!
WEXP from some items being absurd has been fixed
New original title theme -- thanks to A_Reliable_Chair!
Snek is using a new method to compile CSVs (no in game change)
Zane's weather behind UI is being used
Der pirates are being used
Skill System update
New skill activation animations
Vicar's battle quote with Arc is correct
Changed cavalier AI in 3 Bandit
Shove is being handed out like candy to a lot of foot units
Certain blow has been changed to +20 hit
Christina's mug has gotten an update -- thanks to Star for that
Miscellaneous palette updates -- thanks, Pikmin1211!

v1.7
Gave Connor, Adlez, and Arc their own character IDs for when they're bosses (Fixes battle music)
Slightly rebalanced Cougar and Finoc to make them more niched
Elanil and Finoc spawn at slightly higher level in Military Pass 2
Support Rework supports speech bubbles with range shown (Public support soon)
Fixed Support Rework not getting stat increases correnctly and a couple other minor things (Also public support soon)
Written support convos in Military Altia route! (More coming soon)
Changed an item drop from killer lance to devil lance in Military Pass Haedric 5
Luke's staff EXP has been lowered
Archer Tact no longer loses con upon promotion
Soldier Tact no longer loses con upon promotion
Spear should no longer be hideously expensive
Modular Supply is used now
QoL for Snek only! .sym files are nicely integrated by a custom program
Adeline has a custom mug -- credit Levin
Vicar has a custom mug -- credit Atey (Sponsored by Bartz)
Walter has a custom mug -- credit Atey (Sponsored by Bartz)
Adlez has a custom mug -- credit Arey (Sponsored by Bartz)

v1.6
Updated the map for mercenary 1 a bit: Fixed a couple mountain issues and added forests
Fixed a camera issue in 2 Bandit
Fixed where you couldn't bring Efil to 7 Bandit Disband
Kendrick has a custom mug -- credit Atey (Sponsored by Bartz)
Maximus has a custom mug -- credit Star and Lenh
Christina has a custom mug -- credit Zanryu, Star, and NickT
Removed reaver and slayer weapon crit
Changed poison weapon desc text to say how much poison they apply
Basic text fixes in the mercenary militia wait routes
Changed around AI in mercenary militia 3 wait
Luke doesn't spawn at level 1 anymore
Armored Blow only gives 5 defense now like it says it should
Fixed the Haedric military route loop causing a game over in the next playthrough
Izuk has a custom class instead of a lazy placeholder
Sylvaine's battle music is now correct
Various fixes in 6 Mercenary Arcanae, including adding renforcements and nerfing Zalius
Sages have C in anima and light with D in staves, and summoners have D in staves
Items given silently to the supply can't be given multiple times with the prep screen save exploit
Characters added to the party right before a prep screen (Adlez, Sylvaine) can't have their items infinitely generated with the prep screen save exploit
Fixed units loading off screen in a cutscene in 7 Mercenary Arcanae
Fixed a few descriptions
Arc has been given a little bit more speed
Commander (Tact knight promo) can use axes now
Fixed a couple spells not turning off screen stretching (I think)
Fixed Black Falcoknight's caps
Forrest has a custom mug -- credit Zanryu and Star
Inserted SALV F Cavs, SALV Paladins, and SALV Knights
Inserted updated Tornado, Tempest (replacing Aircalibur), Hail, and Ice Shard (replacing Aqua)
Added turn counters to some defense maps
Added toxin weapons: Apply 5 poison
Supports with bonuses have been added! This includes chapter and base supports. No text yet
The Shadow map sprite's palette has been fixed
All instances where map cutscenes where HP bars and status effects were shown have been fixed
Fixed the promotion from Tact archer glitch
Res has been reassigned to all classes and characters in preparation for str/mag split
	Res bases/growths do not necessarily coorelate with physical vs magical units
Also generally increased def and skl of player units
Autoleveling now has fixed growths! No more drastic differences between the same units loaded because of RNs
All uses of Desperation and Vantage have been removed amid weird glitch reports with them
Arc is loaded as a mercenary if you choose an axe unit in 2 Mercenary Militia
Fixed Tact's pegasus knight palette

v1.5
KENDRICK
Completion of two military routes for private release
Fighter animation has been replaced
Fixed a glitch involving scripted fights with the Guardian Spirit
Base Support system is finished but not yet implemented
	Method of storing data and basic setting and retrieval functions are all done
	Last step is in-chapter talk convos that raise support levels (in progress)
Animations and palettes for military Tact promotions
Rangers no longer get Galeforce and Canto+ (that was an oof)
New music
	Uh there's A LOT. Check the bottom of the sound room!
Various text/balance issues in mercenary routes
Untraversable house in mercenary 1 has been removed
A few raid glitches have been fixed
(I think) fixed a glitch where you could get infinite weapons from Adlez in the prep screen by cheesing saving
Snek has decided to keep better track of changes because
	A lot has changed, and he doesn't remember most of it oof
Added Konami code in debug versions (Private release only)
	Up up down down left right left right B A Start on the map
	You will be able to control enemies during enemy phase
Promotions in general are now different
	A unit can promote with an item at level 10
	A unit can promote without an item at level 15 with a menu command
	Only about half as many promotion items are given as units you have in each route now
Val has a custom mug -- credit Hypergammaspaces
Clara has a custom mug -- credit Zanryu
New military palettes -- credit Author Pendragon -- You guys are awesome!

v1.4
Insertion of the GK palette fix, improved soldier, SALV cavs, and improved knights (now with axes), including some palette reworks of these and other characters
Poison rework is being implemented
Lots of balancing in the Bandit Disband route
Character balancing
Custom music insertion
	Implementation is not yet complete
	"Derris Kharlan Appear," "Anchoret," "Shihna," "Old Familiar Scent," Rest of the Heart,"
	"Last Battle Decision," "Encounter with Renegades," "Burning Fighting Spirit,"
	"A Tragic Decision," "Mars Lighthouse," and "Lloyd" -- Credit A_Reliable_Chair for formatting and tweaks
	Check the bottom of the sound room!
The supply no longer carries over after route looping
Fixed the escape cutscene in 7 Assassin
Fixed a potential graphical glitch in the ending of 3 Assassin
Various text formatting fixes
Prep screens have been included in many of the later chapters
	Also prep screen hacks: Ensuring "Tower" or "Ruins" doesn't display (Not yet visible)
	"Support" does not display (Later planned feature: Base support convos)
	"Save" should always display (Was disabled in Valni and Lagdou chapter IDs)
	"Pick Units" should always be greyed out for the time being.
Fixed a few event glitches in 6 Disband
Fixed a bug with raid in 7 Bandit Bandit
The prices of spells has been made not outrageous
More gold has been handed out
The debuff for longbows at 3 range has been decreased, and the hit for longbows in general has been increased a bit
Breaker skills have been heavily debuffed from +50 hit/avoid to +15 hit/avoid. That shit was whack.

v.1.3
Some palettes have been redone - credit Author Pendragon
Multiple summon glitch has been fixed
Some enemy growths have been increased
EXP has multiplier has been increased to 3/2 for unpromoted units and 5/2 for promoted units.
Miscellaneous eventing/text fixes

v1.2
4 Militia Wait has had some unit placement changes
Phantoms now can't access the supply
Phantoms now use the phantom battle animation
Jasper now has a custom mug - credit Lenh
7 Assassin is now an escape chapter with some reinforcement edits.
Big skill system update
 Many people have personal skills
 Provoke and wary fighter have been axed
 Integrated new skills and some reworked class skill lists
Xexim, Zalius, Uzkalis, and maybe someone else have new placeholder mugs
References to a new major character: Cesarian Captain Sylvaine of the Leopard Brigade
7 Cesaria has basically been flipped upside down
5 Arcanae is less scrunched
7 Arcanae now has a good/bad win condition
Generic soldiers have gotten a buff
Units who needed love got it
Red-green palettes on the growths page of the statscreen has been pushed more to the green side
Zalius now has a custom battle animation
Fixed an issue with elwind's miss terminators
 When in doubt, use 3 miss terminators instead of 1 lol
Lots of chapter text edits everywhere
A few spell icons needed to be shifted down a pixel
HP has been added to the mini-box
Battle convos have been fixed (finally)

v1.1
Fixed lots of minor text issues
Included 4 new battle animations. 2 of which will show up in the military routes
One is a new animation for Leyos (Brave Hector)
Unmounted Great Lord Ephraim is now the animation for Sentinel
Halberdier now uses TLP Halberdier 2.0 (formerly used for Sentinel)
Fixed attacking Hawken breaking the game
Fixed a bug in an ending of a bandit route
Female myrmidon Tact has an updated palette
Baret is now a soldier
Weston now has a palette
Some weapon ranks were broken; now fixed
By playtester request, the win button now has confirmation text (Debug version only)
New statscreen
New mug for Arc - credit P33rless
Chapter text edits for chapters 1, 2 militia, and 3 and 4 assassin
Other palette fixes
Lots of other minor fixes
Shoutout to all of our playtesters for catching a shitload of stuff!


v1.0 : First formal demo release. All mercenary routes are finished.
Many battle animation and palette fixes.
 Also some new battle animations.
Chapter 6 of a bandit path has been heavily reworked.
Chapter 7 of that path has been dumped and completely redone from scratch.
Chapter status and objective texts should be less broken.
Modular Mini Box has been added.
Arms scrolls have been fixed (again).
Various fixes to cutscenes.
Music priority has been fixed.
 Fixes the cutscene music cutting out after a scripted battle.
A few balancing things for characters
Supply has been added.
 Along with silent events to add items to the supply.
Pegasus knight selection has been added.
Spicy suspend text now has the Guardian Spirit sassing you.
Enjoy the demo!

v0.1.3
The anima effectiveness has been changed to a static +7 damage boost.
 It was absolutely OP late game...
Also, shortbows and longbows have been debuffed only at 1 and 3 range respecitvely.
 When used at 1 or 3 range, bows have reduced damage, AS, and hit

v0.1.2
One of the bandit paths has been fixed up and polished.
 The win conditions and much of the writing has been completely redone.
The item icon for elthunder has been redone.
The male mercenary and female myrmidon promoted map sprites have been redone.
The Guardian Spirit now uses the Harbinger animation.
Adlez, Connor, and Xavus have been given boss ability for when they're bosses.
Anima triangle glitch with physical weapons affecting it has been fixed.
A few more boss palettes have been added.
Chapter 6 of a bandit route has been toned down in difficulty a bit.
Other stuff I'm forgetting.

v0.1.1
The raid glitch has been fixed. Silly NUPS.......
Changes to a bandit path have been added but not tested.
More small balancing things.

v0.1
7 Cesaria's events have been changed to match the now not bad map.
Gave out promotion items in the Cesaria route in a more sane manner.
Changed player stats a bit.


This is the beginning of the changelog. I will assume all versions before this are v0.0.
At this point, all paths are mostly functional with minor issues.